# Yariaan
Yariyan, YariyanKiven bhul jawa dass de tere naal jo gujre dinHun Te naiyo Lagdiyan rattan chain nu hun tere binIk wari aja sajna ghar tera pa jaBin tere mar na jawan mukh hi dikhla jaBin tere Ruk Ja tere sathYariyan go ahead and leaveIt won't make a differenceYariyan! coz! I can't wait for you to seWith me and you it's differentYariyan! Coz I wanna know know know knowWas it for real? was it just me?In love with enemyAnkhiyan tenu labh diya ne kinna dil da hall sunawanLagja mere sine nall tenu mai koll bulawanDil takda Ae teriyan rahwan denda Ae sadawanDil takda Ae teriyan rahwan denda Ae sadawanZaher hijar da main ta pita tu mere naal changa nai keetaYariyan go ahead and leaveIt won't make a differenceYariyan! coz! I can't wait for you to seWith me and you it's differentYariyan! Coz I wanna know know know knowWas it for real? was it just me?In love with enemyYou know you messed up I can see that pain in your eyes Coz he can't love you like I would And we both know I'm right So when you climb in his bed girl you wish it was me instead this bed Bin tere Ruk Ja tere sathYariyan go ahead and leaveIt won't make a differenceYariyan! coz! I can't wait for you to seWith me and you it's differentYariyan! Coz I wanna know know know knowWas it for real? was it just me?In love with enemygo ahead and leaveIt won't make a differenceYariyan! coz! I can't wait for you to seWith me and you it's differentYariyan!Now that you're gone gone gone gone let me knowWas it for real?Was it just me?In love with the enemy x(2)Yariyan yariyan x (2) 
